Closes #119_change text color to black #000000; data-query-input-placeholder-text… (#120)
pharmaverse/admiralneuro: NEWS.md

## Various

- Moved test SDTM datasets `dm_neuro`, `nv_neuro`, `suppnv_neuro` and `ag_neuro` from `{admiralneuro}` to `{pharmaversesdtm}`. (#92)
- Modify kapa.ai data-query-input-placeholder-text-color="#000000" (`black`)

> - Modify kapa.ai data-modal-search-placeholder="Ask me a question about {admiralmetabolic} or the {admiral} ecosystem..."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the kapa.ai `data-modal-search-placeholder` attribute according to the package." (#119)
```
Please move it to Developer Notes
